Add `yield` to Python Functions (#718)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/functions/functions.md

---
Title: 'Functions'

> Description: 'Functions allow tasks to be performed multiple times within a program without having to be rewritten'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Functions allow tasks to be performed multiple times within a program without having to be rewritten.'
```

2018 is not a leap year.
```

## Returning Values With `yield`

> A function can also return values with the `yield` keyword. Like `return`, `yield` suspends the function's execution and returns the value specified. Unlike `return`, the `yield` statement retains the state of the function and will resume where it left off on the next function call. i.e. Execution resumes after the last `yield` statement. This way, the function can produce a number of values over time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A function can also return values with the `yield` keyword. Like `return`, `yield` suspends the function's execution and returns the value specified. Unlike `return`, the `yield` statement retains the state of the function and will resume where it left off on the next function call (i.e. execution resumes after the last `yield` statement). This way, the function can produce a number of values over time.
```

> Functions using `yield` rather than `return` are known as generator functions. Such a function can be used as an iterator.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Functions using `yield` rather than `return` are known as generator functions. Such a function can be used as an [iterator](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/iterators).
```

> Functions using `yield` rather than `return` are known as generator functions. Such a function can be used as an [iterator](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/iterators).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions using `yield` rather than `return` are known as [generator](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/generators) functions. Such a function can be used as an [iterator](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/iterators).
```

Reviewer: I currently have a PR for generators that could be optionally linked here as suggested above

The example below will automatically generate successive Fibonacci numbers.

```py

> # function to produce infinite Fibonacci numbers

Reviewer 3: I suggest capitalizing the first word of the comments to keep consistency.
```suggestion
# Function to produce infinite Fibonacci numbers
```

def fibonacci():
  # Generate first number
  a = 1
  yield a

  # Generate second number
  b = 1
  yield b

  # Infinite loop
  while True:

>     # return sum of a + b

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Return sum of a + b
```

    c = a + b
    yield c
    # Function resumes loop here on next call
    a = b
    b = c

> # Iterate through the Fibonacci sequence untill we hit a limit

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Iterate through the Fibonacci sequence until a limit is reached
```
